well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
chief Gallagher this was a very
requested video chief Gallagher is the
seal who was accused of a list of things
he was found to have done some of them
he was demoted then the president
cleared him of wrongdoing and reversed
his demotion I think that's what people
want an opinion on it doesn't really
matter that that is completely within
the president's powers that is at his
discretion he can do that but there's
been an interesting development Admiral
green this is the commander of all sills
along with the CNO the Chief of Naval
Operations and the secretary of Navy
they reportedly plan to boot Gallagher
out of the sills the media is saying
they're going to take his Trident
that's the badge that seals where I
don't know that they can actually do
that that's a qualification thing that
was probably said symbolically there
they're gonna boot him out that is
firmly within their power I would expect
a political firestorm if that occurs the
White House is going to rightfully see
that as a single fingered salute to them
and to the president I think emerald
green is right I think he has the best
interest of the Naval Special Warfare
community at heart sills are supposed to
be a cut above everybody in every
respect there there was a time
when a DUI would get you booted
certainly something of this magnitude
that deals directly with the duties is
something that a commander is going to
have to take into consideration I know
there's a lot of people that want a lot
more punishment this is the system as it
stands that is what it is but if this
does occur understand that he will be a
sailor they'll be on a ship or submarine
or maybe give an admin Duty something
like that he would no longer be in a
position to do anything like this again
any any of the stuff that he was accused
of the fallout of this action will
further drive a wedge between the
Department of Defense specifically the
Department of Navy and the president the
White House is becoming more and more
isolated and it's it's two unique
development in American history it's not
something we've seen a lot of but this
development is something that we should
all watch because I'm eagerly awaiting
the Tweed storm that follows if they
follow through with this anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night